a long time ago in an English
countryside town lift a boy named geoff
jack lived on a small an unsuccessful
farm with his money on the farm was one
cow that cows the most valuable
possession jet the cameras stopped
making milk take the cow into town and
sell it for money Jack took the cow and
the long and winding road to the town on
the way Jack came across an old man with
high-end his head as you pass the man
began to speak hulu jo hai know my name
I will trade you these free magic feeds
your count miss beautiful make all of
your dreams come true the old man had
Alex had been building light green beans
to Jack sighs was based on these
mysterious being objective the beams
around home to his mother my bum look
what are bees I met this man betrayed me
beans he said all my dreams become true
we need money not me Jack's mom routines
of the window Jack went straight to bed
Jack awoke the next morning he went out
into his garden and seen a huge meeting
stock back the place for magic beans
Jack stood at the bottom of the green
storm looked up seeing how far every
shuttle to the sky suddenly Jack decided
to climb the Beanstalk Jack came to the
top of the pencil to discover a
humongous castle
Jack open the door handsome Jack came to
a kitchen for everything inside was
party bigger Jack much too big for even
a grown man 3 by ice unload an
Englishman veo life or being media right
big red jack felt his heart beating was
fair and hid behind the nearest object
huge man a size 50 men at least sent to
the group and reach towards the giant
club on the table there jack giant
picked up the mug and left the room Jack
ran to the exit but on the way out he
noticed a big bed of God Jack took the
bag in a hurry and made his way back
from the beans on Jack reached the
bottom of the Beanstalk he still can
hear the giant roars he saw an axe dang
close on the floor keep it up and
swallow for the Beanstalk chopping him
down the board with light the giant was
stranded at the top of the Beanstalk
watch jeff had the bag of golf Jack's
mother came out and saw the God her eyes
lit up when she realizes Jack was right
all along and that promised myself